docs: provide hardware recommendations for reference architectures (#12534)
coder/coder: docs/admin/architectures/2k-users.md

# Reference Architecture: up to 2,000 users

In the 2,000 users architecture, there is a moderate increase in traffic,
suggesting a growing user base or expanding operations. This setup is
well-suited for mid-sized companies experiencing growth or for universities
seeking to accommodate their expanding user populations.

Users can be evenly distributed between 2 regions or be attached to different
clusters.

**Target load**: API: up to 300 RPS

> **High Availability**: The mode is _disabled_, but administrators may consider
> enabling it for deployment reliability.

Reviewer: Specifying multiple replicas here implies that HA is enabled. 

```suggestion
**High Availability**: The mode is _enabled_; multiple replicas provide
higher deployment reliability under load.
```

## Hardware recommendations

### Coderd nodes

| Users       | Node capacity        | Replicas | GCP             | AWS         | Azure             |
| ----------- | -------------------- | -------- | --------------- | ----------- | ----------------- |

> | Up to 2,000 | 4 vCPU, 16 GB memory | 2        | `n1-standard-4` | `t3.xlarge` | `Standard_D4s_v3` |

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we can clarify here a bit. A reader might wonder if we mean 4 vCPU, 16 GB / replica or if we mean put both replicas on the single 4 vCPU node.

I wonder if an additional column would be beneficial? Something like:

```markdown
| ... | Nodes | Replicas/node | ...
|     | 2     | 1             | ...
```

Alternatively, we could follow the syntax used below: `2 nodes / 1 coderd each`.

PS. This memory recommendation is a bit on the higher end, but I think it's a good choice because it leaves room for increased web terminal/app traffic.

Author: Looking at our past scaling results, we have already added more features (= more CPU usage), so leaving extra capacity may be a good decision :)

**Footnotes**:

- An external provisioner is deployed as Kubernetes pod.
- It is not recommended to run provisioner daemons on `coderd` nodes.
- Consider separating provisioners into different namespaces in favor of
  zero-trust or multi-cloud deployments.

### Workspace nodes

| Users       | Node capacity        | Replicas                 | GCP              | AWS          | Azure             |
| ----------- | -------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------- | ------------ | ----------------- |
| Up to 2,000 | 8 vCPU, 32 GB memory | 128 / 16 workspaces each | `t2d-standard-8` | `t3.2xlarge` | `Standard_D8s_v3` |

**Footnotes**:

- Assumed that a workspace user needs 2 GB memory to perform
- Maximum number of Kubernetes workspace pods per node: 256
- Nodes can be distributed in 2 regions, not necessarily evenly split, depending
  on developer team sizes

### Database nodes

| Users       | Node capacity        | Replicas | Storage | GCP                 | AWS            | Azure             |
| ----------- | -------------------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------- | -------------- | ----------------- |

> | Up to 2,000 | 4 vCPU, 16 GB memory | 1        | 1 TB    | `db-custom-4-15360` | `db.t3.xlarge` | `Standard_D4s_v3` |

Reviewer 2: We've been using a `db-custom-8-32768` for our 2000 user scaletests, so these CPU number here may be slightly inaccurate. Granted, for a regular (non-scaletest) deployment, I think 4 vCPU is borderline sufficient as it's the 2000 active workspaces that push the DB CPU load up to ~80% (8 vCPU).

Author: On the other hand, our scaletesting methology was really aggressive, so I would expect a similar pattern on the user side 🤔
What is your recommendation @maf? Should we switch to `db-custom-8-32768`?

**Footnotes**:

- Consider adding more replicas if the workspace activity is higher than 500

>   workspace builds per day.

Reviewer 2: Optional:

```suggestion
  workspace builds per day or to achieve higher RPS.
```
